In Paradise, everyone is happy, they have fun, and it's a very beautiful place.
You can live forever in Paradise, so you can become friends with everyone from all over the world and become one big family.
In Paradise, there are mountains, forests, rivers, lots of flowers.
And you can hear people singing and laughing.
It's exciting!
You can't really go near animals and play with them now.
But in Paradise, they won't hurt you or try to bite you so you can play with them and have fun.
I want to have a race with the Cheetos in the Paradise.
In Paradise, Satan will be no more.
So fun will continue forever.
The meek will possess the earth, and they will find exclusive delight in the abundance of peace.
Now, I can recite the scripture by heart.
Right now, there are a lot of disasters and crimes.
But in Paradise, there are going to be lots of good and happy things.
There will be smiles everywhere.
Sophia was imagining that she was in a garden full of butterflies.
And Sophia's imagination about Paradise.
She saw the little Israelite girl that worked in Newman's house.
And she played with a lot of different butterflies.
Kiloban Sophia's dad said that it's good to picture yourself in Paradise.
Because you can rejoice in the hope.
By thinking about myself in the beautiful Paradise, I can be patient during hard times.
I want to live with my family and animals in a tree house with a swing and a slide.
Here in Paradise, birds are singing happily.
This is me and my family.
I want to meet David.
It's because I want to know why he had so much trust in Jehovah and how he could be so courageous.
I want to meet resurrected Daniel in Paradise and ask him how he felt when he was throwing to the lion's pit.
Jehovah promises so many fun and happy things.
I think he is a kind God.
Jehovah is really powerful and has a lot of wisdom.
And he is also kind.
I think he is just really great.
Jehovah never lies.
So all his birds come true and he is a very loving God.